fix(flow): include flow ttl on (new) import flows index page (#294)
invictus-integration/docs-ifa: dashboard/import-flows.md

> # Import flows from external sources

Author: ```suggestion
# Import flow traces from external sources
```

> Invictus allows 'flows' to be imported from various different sources (LogicApp workflows, DataFactory, HTTP...). Via diagnostic information, these traces are collected in Invictus' backend storage.

Author: ```suggestion
Invictus allows 'flow traces' to be imported from various different sources (LogicApp workflows, DataFactory, HTTP...). Via diagnostic information, these traces are collected in Invictus' backend storage.
```
